Remove outdated benchmark script (#204)
larq/compute-engine: larq_compute_engine/tflite/benchmark/README.md

## Building the benchmark program

> See the [documentation](../../../docs/build.md) on how to configure bazel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [LCE build guide](../../../docs/build.md) on how to configure bazel
```
